All right.
So let's go ahead and create the author layout.
So we're going to start with the NEF first.
So we need the navigation.
Do so on the side, right, like this one.
So you can see here we have the admin nav.
Now a lot of these links, navigation links we can reuse, for example, post media is pretty much we
can use for off as well.
The only things we're not going to make the auto available is the is the users.
Actually just the users in the comments are too lazy to be able to work on this one.
Media Post will be available off as well.
So let's copy this cool admin that could a new find.
Let's call it out for now and this question tends to often open nav.
And all the things he has so often that I guess let's go through the navigation menu.
So we have the dashboard.
It takes the user to add new drug night routines to awesome.
You.
Ten.
That offer is still intact.
So the same name desk will like this one.
Same name, but it will take to a different base.
The Post, we saw that the posts we take to all those posts, we have to create all these spaces one
by one.
This one will be sent to the post office.
Less post.
You can see the name will be sent in just the links with since it is meant to offer
to create a new post, which is that here we change.
He could do fine and replace as well.
Also, so post and categories will be available for author as well as admin to all of that comment.
We still have to work to use the six and we will not be for.
So let me just remove.
Profile profiles can be used for.
Obviously for our fans, what would we have to change this admin profile?
We haven't worked on it yet.
We'll work.
Pretty sure we have two of them this time.
Yes, we have more.
I guess we'll come back to that.
And customisation option will be only for the admin.
So that.
Awesome.
So we just removed from link some links from here, some navigation menus, and then we changed all
that out from admin to awesome.
So that's awesome that now we can use this nav in the layout.
So let's go ahead, clear the layout as well.
So we have the admin layout.
We can just copy that.
Copy that.
Create a new file of.
Layout is based here since the name of the layout.
It's going to change the name of the layout.
Now here, only a few changes will require, for example, the NAV with no way to input off and no write
off.
And now from.
Nev, Arthur and Nev.
So we import the navigation then.
We have two things the function.
Get current admin bulletins to get current offer, which is right here.
Get current lists in the.
And the only thing we need to change is change the endpoint from current admin to current.
What you saw in the few few videos earlier, we created this route which will take if the user has the
role of awesome.
If it has, then we give the response.
Okay, true.
Otherwise we get the error response.
All right.
So if we've got the error, we redirect them to home page.
Otherwise they can access whatever component we're trying to search whatever base which will be received
at that process.
I guess that looks good.
Now, one more thing we have to do here.
That is the the now to know.
So when we return.
We saw the name on the sidebar and then the content.
Okay, so we got author navigation auto layout as well.
Now let's go ahead, create a base using the author layout and let's see how this works.
Actually, it's one more thing here, and that is if the user is also when they click here, we should
take them to the author base.
Right?
So we have to take in our navigation, take for the root.
So let's.
Um.
Let's go to.
Now.
DUBNER So here we have the decimal.
It has the rule based link.
I think we already did before.
Oh, that's good.
We already did.
So if the users through is admin, we return to admin otherwise of Okta.
That's good.
We'll have that too.
Let's give it a try to decipher the layout by using it.
Let's create a new base here, not a scrutiny folder.
Awesome.
And yeah, as you can see, admin has the posts and carry goodies.
So although we like to have the post in categories, functions, even a media answer.
Let's create 1/1 indicator to use.
And here, let me just copy the call from admin index again just to make this a bit easier.
You can see it's basically just a layer we have to copy close go to offer index based here.
Change the name from admin to awesome.
And I mean to the.
We introduce you to the essential additional event images in the layout admin layout.
Let's change this to.
Often they aren't.
This is also a phase.
So it's.
Why do we have that?
Admin layout.
Is that also learnt from.
Okay.
So we offer layout, we wrap this content using that layout.
Let's see how this works.
So this user is added.
So we take them to this and industrialists fan out and let's.
We have to try manually making one user answer.
At the moment I actually know that slogan has admitted this uses admin.
Right?
Okay.
Actually, we still don't have the functionality where admin can update the user writes admin can create
a user and give the role.
Awesome.
Right.
So yeah, I didn't include a user.
Give the role of author.
However, once the user is created, we cannot edit because we don't have the list of you just shared.
That is something next.
We'll obviously implement that, but at the moment, let me just quit on the user.
Um.
I enough.
It's not a vanity mill.
I'm just going to use it.
Yeah.
So Pastor, I'm just going to sing Blockbuster, make him offer.
This is important.
Make the user account and create this new user so that we can log in as the author and see how this
works and this assignment.
Okay.
User created successfully so this user can log in with the password.
Set out its log in and also.
Beautiful.
Now you can see here now we are logged in as author.
This user has the role of author and the author has this dashboard which looks similar, but there are
few options available for other.
All right.
Two beautiful antique.
We are redirected to author based.
Now we're going to
implement all this feature for as.
Now it's going to be very easy because you already saw we have already moved the add new core all the
core from that was used to create a new post or add new.
At the moment we don't have the base for answer, but it's it's really easy because if you go have a
look at spaces admin posts new you can see you just need to create, use the other layout and use this
component which will enable you to create a new post.
It's pretty straightforward.
Okay, so some components might need a bit of for extra work, but otherwise it's not going to be massively
to do much work because we're going to reuse a lot of those existing code and make things easier like
this to implement everything.
Because all this we have already done except comments and profile.